README.md, before:

# PiHole-HA

## Standing on the shoulders of Giants.

This script is built on and inspired by the following work
* https://discourse.pi-hole.net/t/good-solution-to-automatically-revert-to-normal-if-pi-hole-dies/10059/4
* https://www.reddit.com/r/pihole/comments/9gw6hx/sync_two_piholes_bash_script/

## Installation

to expand....
* Gravity Sync (link)
* Copy/install script
* Crontab steps

## ToDo / Enhancements

1) implement application checks against API web interface instead of admin interface
 /admin/api.php?status
    * bad state --> {"status":"disabled","FTLnotrunning":true}
    * good state --> {"status":"enabled"}
    * use JQ?
    *    https://stedolan.github.io/jq/tutorial/
    *    https://stackoverflow.com/questions/37926463/parse-json-string-in-bash
    * use BASH? Not best option
    *    https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/531938/parse-a-string-in-bash-script#531943

2) integrate logging into script and to /var/log instead of within Cron call
3) Options to add/remove/adjust logrotate
4) Options to add/remove/adjust crontab
5) Check response back from push notification to see if successful
    * Telegram JSON response includes "ok":true or "ok":false

Commit message:

Moved flavour text from script to README

README.md, after:

# PiHole-HA

## What is this?
This script is designed to be run on a secondary instance of PiHole via regular
(via Crontab) and sync configuration from a primary. On detection of primary 
failure, this script activates DHCP with last known leases and reservations.

It also has notification functionality built in via Telegram and IFTTT and
(should) send notifications on failure and restore of primary PiHole instance

## Standing on the shoulders of Giants.

This script is built on and inspired by the following work
* https://discourse.pi-hole.net/t/good-solution-to-automatically-revert-to-normal-if-pi-hole-dies/10059/4
* https://www.reddit.com/r/pihole/comments/9gw6hx/sync_two_piholes_bash_script/

## Installation

to expand....
* Gravity Sync (link)
* Copy/install script
* Crontab steps

## ToDo / Enhancements

1) implement application checks against API web interface instead of admin interface
 /admin/api.php?status
    * bad state --> {"status":"disabled","FTLnotrunning":true}
    * good state --> {"status":"enabled"}
    * use JQ?
    *    https://stedolan.github.io/jq/tutorial/
    *    https://stackoverflow.com/questions/37926463/parse-json-string-in-bash
    * use BASH? Not best option
    *    https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/531938/parse-a-string-in-bash-script#531943

2) integrate logging into script and to /var/log instead of within Cron call
3) Options to add/remove/adjust logrotate
4) Options to add/remove/adjust crontab
5) Check response back from push notification to see if successful
    * Telegram JSON response includes "ok":true or "ok":false
